Announce an impending update the Android NDK target (#1055)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2023-01-09-android-ndk-update-r25.md

---
layout: post

> title: "Updating the Android NDK in Rust <version>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Updating the Android NDK in Rust 1.68"
```

author: Android Platform Team
description: "Modernizing Android support in Rust"
---

We are pleased to announce that Android platform support in Rust will be

> modernized in Rust 1.66 as we update the target NDK from r17 to r25.  As a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modernized in Rust 1.68 as we update the target NDK from r17 to r25.  As a
```

Presuming we expect to land this prior to January 20th, which is the cut-off for 1.68; otherwise 1.69 is the right thing here. Not sure if we will hit the 20th; I think an alternative is writing 1.68 or 1.69 here.
